George Stevens physical culture school
there that oughta get him do you do
operator give me Thunder seven eleven
seven no audio - audio told you that oh
oh there Henry
and this is the kingfish I say I think I
figured out a way to get that rare coin
on A&E
I opened the Physical Culture school and
if I can get Andy to join up as all say
yeah sure I'll let you know how come on
oh I take it here clapping down the hall
now yeah call you back later bye hi any
activation see ya what's his sign you
gonna door George Stevens Physical
Culture school didn't you hear Andy I
was back at my old profession no wait a
minute kingfish where did you ever learn
anything about physical culture where'd
I learn it at the famous United States
physical culture Institute where where
is that Muscle Shoals or not doing great
here too Andy
see that picture on the wall there
that's my star pupil yeah he sure got
quite a point of procedure
why did you believe it Andy when we
could go today he walked in here he was
I
86 pound weakling he was not skinny hey
oh he was so skinny Andy when I gives
him a pair of Jim drunks he had to hold
him up with scotch tape couldn't get a
grip on nothing around his waist and he
was that way one week ago mm-hmm yeah we
didn't muscles he got now and he got
biceps triceps forceps
he got sets all over his body are you
sure except up all right well at
physical cautious top is all right for
skinny fellow but a big husky guy like
me you don't need it oh I wouldn't say
that brother Andy now let's see what
kind of shape you're in
get up off that chair and lie down on
the floor you know lie right down on the
floor yeah oh that's easy
oh oh wait a minute now keep it wait a
minute Oh
ah no no turn over on your back Andy on
my back yeah oh that's not nice y-you
see so you should have told me oh hey
put your arms over your head
no no not over your eyes over your head
like this hmm
oh oh I see eyes now let's see you raise
up and touch your toes fifty or hundred
times oh oh that's not hard Andy see
eyes gonna I'm gonna spray my charlie
weis doing this
well I made a kneecap that count for
anything
get up off the floor Andy well I've seen
them with rigor mortis more limber than
us Andy you've got to face the facts the
reason you can't touch your toes is
because use what we call in physical
culture circles a corpulent specimen
with obese characteristics what what did
that mean Oh fat pig well if if I is
that bad maybe maybe I better take one
of your course oh I think you're better
Andy I squared the heavy as a pupil
letterhead now the first principle of
physical culture is to tune up their
reflexes any rate nervous system and
sharpen the nervous chords oh yeah that
sound good so what is the first thing I
do now take off your pants
take off my bank yeah I get behind that
screen down take them off go old you old
old you'll see Andy who's got a head
your picture up here on the wall with
this fellow you know after about one
week of my training are you gonna have
biceps and triceps like this fella
wouldn't you like to see a picture up
down the wall hey kingfish is there
something else aren't you put on now
well usually hands out gym trunks but
you long underwear fellas don't need
them hey that's great idea you got there
any to keep the breezes off your legs
you got your socks Oh Drake - underwear
ain't you oh yeah yeah it's my own idea
yeah well they give me a pen for I know
you'd give my yes yes Andy the first
thing you do is go over to that screen
there and face it I gonna give you some
exercises to sharpen their muscles the
eyelids now when I says one you close
your eyes no soldier when I says to
first time I know what you ought to take
your pants all to do I exercise quiet
Andy let's begin one
and they're the main thing in this
course is persistence so you keep your
eyes closed there the more you practice
the more successor is going to have game
and of course after about one or two
weeks of this exercise you're going to
be a new man dole dole dole at to day hi
Aunty I bet your eyes feel a lot better
now don't they so what happens now
but we don't overdo it the first time so
what that'll be all of this supervised
training from now on is what we called
the free play period I was going to go
on out and you can jump around all you
want
oh but kinky don't you want me to
do any any lifting I don't have to end
it I just done all the lifting that
needs to be done